 using neural networks .  when that happens get really complex neural nets start out perform all of their competition  pas .  chief he is countryman faster than ever before .  let's take a look  .  neural nets truly have the potential to revolutionize the field of artificial intelligence .  we all know the computers are very good with repetitive calculations in detail the instructions that historically been bad at recognizing patter it's .  big city planning this is all about to change .  if you only need to analyze simple patterns at the same classification tool like an s b m.  or logistic regression is typically going off .  but when your dad has tens of different inputs are more  .  nah matt stark to win out over the other methods .  still as the patent and even more complex .  not networks with a small number of ways can be calm on usable .  the reason is that the number of nodes required in each layer grows exponentially with the number of possible patterns in the data  .  eventually training because we too expensive any accuracy starts to suffer .  so for a ticket pattern like .  an image of a human face for example the same classification engines and shallow neuro nets simply aren't good enough .  the only practical choice isn't the  net  .  has ever run into a wall when china work with highly complex that .  please comment and i mean i thought  .  well what enables antique nat to recognize these complex patterns  .  the key is that the .  nets are you going to break the complex patterns down into a series of simpler patterns .  for example .  would say the neck had to decide whether or not an immense contained as human base  at the .  net would first use and says to detect different parts of the face .  the way it snows .  eyes ears and so on .  and then combine the results together to form the whole flakes .  this important feature .  using similar patterns as building blocks attacked complex patterns is watkins the .  next four straight  .  the accuracy of the snacks has become very impressive .  in fact a deep not from google recently be human at pattern recognition talent  .  it's not surprising that the .  nets were inspired by the structure of early human brains .  even in the early days of narrow networks .  researches wanted to wink at all large number per sceptre ons to gather in the layered wet  .  an idea which helped improve the accuracy .  is believed that our brains have a very deep .  architecture .  and now we decipher patterns just like a deep that .  we detect complex patterns by first detecting and combining the simple ones  .  there is one downside to all that's  the .  next take much longer to train .  the good news is that recent advances in computing per view reproduce be not a tiny takes to properly trained an act .  high performance deep use can finish training at complex night another week .  and fastened to use may have taken weeks or even months  .  before we talk more about the various people earning models are going to briefly discuss which types of d.  that's our suitable for death. 
